README.md, before:

### Ion language

A language implemented in C# using LLVM 5.0 bindings.

File extension: `.ion`

Syntax examples coming soon.

### Core principles

1. **Simplicity**. The language should be simple, or as powerful as the programmer wishes. This means that some symbols and patterns are optional and infered by the compiler.

2. **Flexible**. The language should contain tools and shortcuts to make the programming experience smooth, not rigid. Pipes are the best example of a planned feature that will add flexibility in the development environment.

An example usage of pipes:

```rust
...
"Hello %s", "world!" | printf;

// Is equivalent to:

printf("Hello %s", "world!");
...
```
3. **Built-in DOM support**.

Inspired by React.js' JSX syntax, the language will have built-in DOM and HTML support.

```rust
int Main() 
{
    Web.Mount(<div>Built-in HTML syntax is awesome!</div>);

    return 0;
}
```

This feature, along with decorators & anonymous functions, will come super handy when building APIs!

```rust
str @name = "John Doe";

@Web.Route("/") {
    return <p>Hello, {@name}.</p>; // Hello, John Doe.
}
```

4. **Portable**.

### Naming convention

#### Functions

All functions should be in PascalCase.

```rust
void Main()
{
    //
}
```

#### Classes

Class names should be in PascalCase, and members in camelCase.

```rust
import Core.Console;

class Example
{
    pub str name = "John Doe";

    void SayHello()
    {
        Console.Log("Hello, " + this.name);
    }
}
```

#### Attributes

Attributes are considered proxy functions, thus they should be treated as functions and be named in PascalCase.

```rust
[Transform(0)]
int Main()
{
    // Return value will be transformed to '0'.
    return 1;
}
```

### Local installation

If you'd like to try out the language at its current, early state, follow the short guide for your platform below.

#### Windows

1. First, you will need the LLVM toolchain installed on your machine.

    [Click here to download the LLVM toolchain](https://releases.llvm.org/5.0.0/LLVM-5.0.0-win64.exe)

    After downloading the installer, run and follow the installation steps, it should be pretty simple.

2. Since the required CLI utility to compile source code is written in C#, you will need .NET Core Runtime installed on your machine.

    [Click here to download the .NET Core Runtime](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/thank-you/dotnet-runtime-2.2.4-windows-hosting-bundle-installer)

    Follow the installation steps, it should also be a simple installation.

3. You now require the CLI utility to invoke the compiler.

    [Click here to view IonCLI's releases](https://github.com/IonLanguage/Ion.CLI/releases)

    Download the latest release, and follow the installation instructions contained within the `README.md` file (they're pretty straight forward!).

4. You can now invoke the CLI utility and compile source files using:

    ```shell
    $ ion --ir
    ```

5. Finally, you'd want to run your programs. You can use `lli`, a command included in the LLVM toolchain to run IR code, for this. After compilation, you may issue the following command to run your program:

    ```shell
    $ lli l.bin/program.ll
    ```

Congratulations! You've installed all requirements to use the Ion language on your machine.

The installation process is somewhat complicated currently, however we are working on making this much, much more simple.

Commit message:

Indicate to use Linux subsystem for Windows

README.md, after:

### Ion language

A language implemented in C# using LLVM 5.0 bindings.

File extension: `.ion`

Syntax examples coming soon.

### Core principles

1. **Simplicity**. The language should be simple, or as powerful as the programmer wishes. This means that some symbols and patterns are optional and infered by the compiler.

2. **Flexible**. The language should contain tools and shortcuts to make the programming experience smooth, not rigid. Pipes are the best example of a planned feature that will add flexibility in the development environment.

An example usage of pipes:

```rust
...
"Hello %s", "world!" | printf;

// Is equivalent to:

printf("Hello %s", "world!");
...
```
3. **Built-in DOM support**.

Inspired by React.js' JSX syntax, the language will have built-in DOM and HTML support.

```rust
int Main() 
{
    Web.Mount(<div>Built-in HTML syntax is awesome!</div>);

    return 0;
}
```

This feature, along with decorators & anonymous functions, will come super handy when building APIs!

```rust
str @name = "John Doe";

@Web.Route("/") {
    return <p>Hello, {@name}.</p>; // Hello, John Doe.
}
```

4. **Portable**.

### Naming convention

#### Functions

All functions should be in PascalCase.

```rust
void Main()
{
    //
}
```

#### Classes

Class names should be in PascalCase, and members in camelCase.

```rust
import Core.Console;

class Example
{
    pub str name = "John Doe";

    void SayHello()
    {
        Console.Log("Hello, " + this.name);
    }
}
```

#### Attributes

Attributes are considered proxy functions, thus they should be treated as functions and be named in PascalCase.

```rust
[Transform(0)]
int Main()
{
    // Return value will be transformed to '0'.
    return 1;
}
```

### Local installation

If you'd like to try out the language at its current, early state, follow the short guide for your platform below.

#### Windows

Please install [Linux sub-system for Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) and follow the Linux installation steps.

#### Linux

1. Since the required CLI utility to compile source code is written in C#, you will need .NET Core Runtime installed on your machine.

    [Click here to view how to install .NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/linux-package-manager/ubuntu16-04/runtime-current)

    Select your Linux distribution and follow the steps provided.

2. Now, you require the CLI utility to invoke the compiler.

    [Click here to view IonCLI's releases](https://github.com/IonLanguage/Ion.CLI/releases)

    Download the latest release, and follow the installation instructions contained within the `README.md` file (they're pretty straight forward!).

3. You may now invoke the CLI utility and compile source files using:

    ```shell
    $ ion --ir
    ```

4. Finally, you'd want to run your programs. You can use `lli`, a command included in the LLVM toolchain to directly execute IR code, for this. After compilation using the IonCLI, you may issue the following command to run your program:

    ```shell
    $ lli l.bin/program.ll
    ```

Congratulations! You've installed all requirements to use the Ion language on your machine.

The installation process is currently somewhat complicated, however we are working on making this much, much simpler.
